hunting point on the Potomac is located
in Old Town Alexandria and directly
across from national harbor situated in
an ideal location hunting point on the
Potomac is nearby the Beltway metro rail
the Pentagon downtown DC and Reagan
National Airport conveniently located
next to old town alexandria with fine
shopping and restaurants you're also
located right next to the Mount Vernon
biking and walking trail the community
is just a short walk or bus ride to the
king street or braddock metro stations
and you're within walking distance to
the heart of old town alexandria old
town is naturally recognized for its
early american architecture variety of
hotels unique boutiques award-winning
restaurants and inexpensive historic
attractions the close proximity of
washington d.c affords you many
opportunities to take in the historical
sites national monuments and treasures
washington d.c is also where many of the
jobs and employers are located for our
region including the federal government
the Pentagon Fort Belvoir and many
national and international corporations
there's also something going on day and
night and you want to take advantage of
it by taking a quick metro bus or metro
rail ride to take in the sights national
harbor is located directly across the
Potomac River National Harbor is home to
a wide variety of restaurants retail
stores night spots and a marina national
harbor hosts many special events
throughout the year and features outdoor
activities such as culinary festivals
and outdoor concerts by local artists
you will find world-class art and
statuary throughout this well-planned
and walkable hotspot destination
hunting point on the Potomac offers
several floor plan options in our
high-rise apartment homes experience
living in a utility included efficiency
one or two bedroom apartment at hunting
point on the Potomac come see our cozy
apartments with beautiful parquet floors
or carpet in high ceilings fantastic
views await you from many of the unit's
soak up the Sun at our huge
well-maintained swimming pool adjacent
to the open picnic area located right on
the Potomac River with beautiful
panoramic vistas for your convenience
there is an on-site mini-mart with dry
cleaning and other convenience services
the large workout facility features
state-of-the-art exercise equipment
our marketing team is standing by to
assist you so stop by or call us picture
coming home to the gorgeous views on the
Potomac River it could all be yours here
at hunting point on the Potomac